# Supervisor Meeting - 18/03/24

## What Have I Done Since Last Meeting?
- finished up the first draft of the dissertation
- created presentation slides
- created README.md and manual.md ready for submission


## Plan From Last Week and What Has Been Therefore Done

Everything from the plan was completed.


## Questions
- My repository is slightly different than the template, will this be an issue for the submission? this is an npm issue, I could submit a /src within a /src as package.json has to be in the root of the project. This is what I have based my manual.md and readme.md on.
- Is there anything missing from my dissertation, I have not managed to talk about everything, just what was interesting
- Are we going ahead with the in-person presentation? If so, when and where so I can plan my trip back home?
- Show presentation feedback
- What do you think about the survey for yourself and David? I would need to cut the dissertation content slightly to fit it in.
- Dissertation feedback
- Last minute meeting on Wednesday or Thursday for final fixes?


## Proposed Plan

- fix all suggestions
- if not in person, record presentation
- submit the project :)

