# Supervisor Meeting - 13/02/24

## What Have I Done Since Last Meeting?
- created survey for the evaluation
- addressed any suggestions left in the dissertation (some questions about this in the "questions" section)
- extracted all figures into their own files in overleaf for readability
- started working on the design section (tech etc.)



## Plan From Last Week and What Has Been Therefore Done

More work has been done on the dissertation and survey in line with the plan. I haven't quite managed to get the feature merged, but hopefully I am close to doing so.


## Questions

- for suggestion on page 11, is it ok to reference your slides as a source for potentially learning more about why the cases for bm have been optimised to 3 equations
- Should {\tt a} be used instead of using $$ when referencing variables or should it be $\mathit{textIndex}$?
- what do I actually write in the design stage - I am a bit sceptical regarding what I have at the moment. What is the actual difference between implementation and design?
- have you had the chance to look over the survey?


## Proposed Plan
- merge the feature
- setup the survey and distribute it by the end of the week
- continue with dissertation writing
- design usability study by the end of the week
