# Meeting on 31/10/2023 - 1pm
All times are approximate.

Attendees: Gethin, Michal

## Progress Up To That Meeting

* fixed all bugs with changing pages (dependency injection)
* fixed canvas resetting for p5js (instead of using global, now a local instance of p5 is used)
* implemented the pre-processing steps for BM (very brief)
* changed to code to use decorator pattern - this allows for ease of adding of new things to draw for the algorithm such as the pre-processing table
* pre-processing for BM has been done

## Meeting Notes

* Gethin will share the link to a survey for all the third years to fill in once ready
* My idea regarding having a workshop is still valid and can be done while the survey is live
* Current prototype is good, but needs a lot of styling, as otherwise people will focus on the wrong things for the workshop!


## Plan For Next Week
* style the webpage so it is ready for first evaluation! (things like pseudocode visualiser, layout (can't see pseudocode))
* rework the last occurance table, so it has highlighting, as currently it is static
* create a plan for the evaluation workshop and hold it
* add any changes to be identified at workshop to repository and start working on those